## Approximate Computing
Approximate computing is a computation technique which returns a possibly inaccurate result rather than a guaranteed accurate result. It can be used for applications such as multimedia processing, machine learning, signal processing, and scientific computing where an approximate result is sufficient for its purpose. For example, an image processing application may still deliver an acceptable output image quality even if there are a few lost frames. Approximate computing takes advantage of the error tolerance of such applications to improve performance and efficiency that are impossible under fully precise execution. The research of approximate computing has two main objectives: (1) how to lower the requirements of computing resources to maximize the gains in performance and efficiency; (2) how to control the impact of approximation-induced errors to guarantee the application quality. To this end, my research has adopted a cross-layer approach that spans the entire computing stack from the digital circuit, computer architecture to software algorithms to provide a holistic design solution for approximate computing to achieve the two objectives. 

## Deep Learning Hardware
Modeled after brain-inspired biological neuronal processing, deep neural networks (DNNs) have shown tremendous success in various application domains such as image processing, speech recognition, and medical diagnostics. However, the high computational complexity of DNNs makes it a challenge to deploy them in low-power embedded devices such as the Internet of Things (IoT), wearable health, and mobile smart devices with limited hardware resources and energy budgets. We adopt a software-hardware codesign approach to reduce the computation workload in DNNs. At software-level, we investigate novel and transformative algorithmic methodologies to reduce the computational complexity of DNNs. At hardware-level, we develop novel hardware architectures to support software mechanisms and implement optimized DNNs in embedded devices that meet performance and energy requirements. We aim to bring DNNs deployment in low-power embedded devices that can perform so-called “deep learning on the edge” without sending massive information to the cloud for processing. This can bring transformative progress in many application fields such as transportation, manufacturing, healthcare, wearable computing, and gaming. 

## Reliability and Dependability
Driven by maturing Moore’s Law, microelectronic systems are increasingly susceptible to various types of errors (e.g., soft errors, timing errors) that are caused by increased microelectronic variability, making them a notable threat to circuit reliability. Such errors will propagate corrupted state information up to higher computing layers, leading to erroneous instructions or invalid computation results in software programs, that culminates in a degraded application quality or even system corruption. Considering the interdependence of overall system performance or application quality on design choices at various abstraction levels, we adopt a cross-layer approach to evaluate the effects of these approaches in the system or application layer. In addition, these errors can also be used by an adversary to attack or hack the computing system. For example, an adversary can launch pathological inputs which will sensitize the critical paths of the circuits to launch timing fault attacks. Our research aims to mitigate the security threat of these errors to provide an dependable and reliable design. 
